docs/README.md, before:

# ZenWeb Documentation

Complete documentation for the ZenWeb framework.

## Quick Links

- [Getting Started](./GETTING_STARTED.md) - Start building your first application
- [Routing Guide](./ROUTING_GUIDE.md) - Learn about routing and navigation
- [Configuration](./CONFIGURATION.md) - Configure your application
- [Examples](./EXAMPLES.md) - Real-world code examples

## What is ZenWeb?

ZenWeb is a minimalist TypeScript framework for building reactive web applications without a Virtual DOM. It provides:

- Direct DOM manipulation for maximum performance
- Proxy-based reactive state management
- File-based routing (Next.js style)
- TypeScript-first development
- Zero configuration to get started
- Production-ready build system

## Documentation Structure

### For Beginners

1. Getting Started - Installation, first component, basic concepts
2. Examples - Real-world code examples and tutorials

### For Developers

3. Routing Guide - File-based routing, navigation, middleware
4. Configuration - Project setup and build configuration

## Quick Start

```bash
npx zenweb init my-app
cd my-app
pnpm install
pnpm dev
```

## Core Features

- No Virtual DOM for better performance
- Reactive state management
- File-based routing
- TypeScript support
- Hot module replacement
- Production server with Express

## Learn More

Start with the [Getting Started](./GETTING_STARTED.md) guide to build your first application.

Commit message:

refactor: Rebrand from ZenWeb to Rynex
Major rebranding changes:
- Changed package name from @razen-core/zenweb to @razen-core/rynex
- Updated all references from zenweb to rynex across codebase
- Updated CLI command from 'zenweb' to 'rynex'
- Updated repository URLs to razen-core/rynex
- Updated all documentation (README, docs/, examples/)
- Updated package.json scripts and bin references

New package name: @razen-core/rynex
New CLI command: npx rynex init my-app

All functionality remains the same, only branding changed.
Will publish to npm after 30 minutes to allow for final review.

docs/README.md, after:

# Rynex Documentation

Complete documentation for the Rynex framework.

## Quick Links

- [Getting Started](./GETTING_STARTED.md) - Start building your first application
- [Routing Guide](./ROUTING_GUIDE.md) - Learn about routing and navigation
- [Configuration](./CONFIGURATION.md) - Configure your application
- [Examples](./EXAMPLES.md) - Real-world code examples

## What is Rynex?

Rynex is a minimalist TypeScript framework for building reactive web applications without a Virtual DOM. It provides:

- Direct DOM manipulation for maximum performance
- Proxy-based reactive state management
- File-based routing (Next.js style)
- TypeScript-first development
- Zero configuration to get started
- Production-ready build system

## Documentation Structure

### For Beginners

1. Getting Started - Installation, first component, basic concepts
2. Examples - Real-world code examples and tutorials

### For Developers

3. Routing Guide - File-based routing, navigation, middleware
4. Configuration - Project setup and build configuration

## Quick Start

```bash
npx rynex init my-app
cd my-app
pnpm install
pnpm dev
```

## Core Features

- No Virtual DOM for better performance
- Reactive state management
- File-based routing
- TypeScript support
- Hot module replacement
- Production server with Express

## Learn More

Start with the [Getting Started](./GETTING_STARTED.md) guide to build your first application.
